c++
java
c#
python

javascript
html
css
php

*nix

vim
sublime text 2/3

(x)ubuntu arch bspwn debian funtoo nixos chakra
raindrops fall in the uatumn air
to the beat of one who may well fare
to send the earthen messeage a tome
"Cast me off and warm my home"

pixel saver gnome\noobs linux bbq 
 jan well star gmail

 lady chaterleys lover dh lawrence

 dofference between x++ (uses x, then bumps up x) and ++x (bumps up x, then uses x) (think left to right)

 emacs
 gnu flute picture
 galliumos cnfig
 hugh nets

 get to 117 c++
 get to 62 linux
 

sublime text
	[c++ build w/ console]
	boxy theme
	pastel-paws
	tron
	kachun
	x3-alpha
firefox
flux numix circle icons
spotify
plank
flatabulous theme
owncloud
dropbox
focuswriter
libreoffice
putty (for unix class)
zsh shell (+ flatabulous config)
gparted partitions editor
synaptic

//chromium-browser
//netbeans (java, c++, darcula theme)
//pycharm
//gnome DE
//xubuntu DE
//insync (for google drive)
//googple play music desktop player
//variety (wallpaper)


unity tweak tool
compizconfig settings manager

get to page 94 linux
watch cis122 videos week 2
get to page 175 c++ (+ previous review)
lab 2 unix
watch bucky python videos

intro to socialogy 204 and 207 ip credit, upp bio, 5 upp bio courses 1 multicultural credit, 28 credits (all graded), dan hagen
cant take my eyes off of you, frankie vallie
summertime blues

cout << fixed << showpoint << setprecision(2);

lab 2 program 3 reinput

overdrive app (audiobooks)


reddit/r/bioinformatics

ducth youthbe druglabs
mime
moth traps

call fdoona
katas (python)

"Bring me the crown" I say to you,
	my servant 
"With her head attached!"
	as you rush out. 


I sit back and worry,
	that I've toppled a kingdom,
	by letting her rise
		in the land of death.

From the one alone in a forgotten land,
	to the master, commander, lord of us all.
I loved her as a brother, (as only one can) as a friend,
	this lonely, wicked, tooth'd maul.



come over at 11:30


The world is dying, and yet still I must sing
for to cry out into the dark is a wonderful thing
To scream, to yell, to teem and tell the dark you still stand
For while I can, for all who won't, I will hold this promised land.

a
b
a
b


You told to me to look towards the north
From wence I would find
	my only course

I would not look,I was frightened so
Of the beings that sing
	from the depts below

'Neath the ice and in the black,
	they whisper behind your back
Turn around and you will see,
	naught but the cold staring back at thee 

So you must never venture forth
	into these lands,
For they belong to the
	 shivering, desolate, sorry man.

Night Terrors (afraid of the water)


The wolves run heavy over my (broken, mortal) body
their claws cut deep as they 
	run to their cubs, their caves to sleep.
What lovely creatures, I think
	as I find my nightly home.
That bless'd, starry bed, 
		look at how they roam!

Looking down from a slumber



lavab

automatic reply google (confirm recipt)

SWEDISH FOREST WAALLPAPER
ANDROID STUDIO

Integral data type (int, char, double?)

missed expresions textbook

take a shower

flush




3pm monday DONNA

When the words will not appear,
type out the ltters ,and let them form themselves,
into teh shapes they want, the shapes that ellude you
and bind you in the dark

Without a friend in the world,
ask for ink and paper, and all will be good,
for who are you but one dazzled by lights and music that you
couldn't (see &) hear (deep) in the dark.

And while you attend the dances, 
pray put in a kind word for me, and ask the master
to forgive my tresspasses on his grounds, for you see.
I was cold out in the dark.

A Monster! O! A Monster (Approaches)!



sweet i sigh  

sweet i sigh in the rains of today
letting each drop strike me on its way
	to the fantastical earthen soil
	in a mad dash of toil and trouble





Drop an egg:
  0
  0
	I'd like to apologize for doing what I did
  0
	because I know you will have a hard time of it  (will never be the same
	but I know that if you just try, you will be ok		nor should you try to be)
  0
	because at the end of the day, people move on
	these things take time to recover from
	but if you would just try to be ok, you would be (will be ok)
  0
  	look, I know what I did was wrong, 
  	but please stop trying to play the victim
  	it is a tired act, and won't win you any love
  	in this world, so if you want to be miserable, be miserable
 _0_
 	I just want you to know that plenty of people have recovered
 	from far worse, and you're lucky to be you instead of them...
 _o_
 	...
^\./^
	...
_<,>_
	...
,-,-,
	...
.,.,.




.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.-^-.
*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*-v-*

Drop an egg:
  0
  0

  0


  0



  0




 _0_

 _o_
 	
^\./^
	
_<,>_
	
,-,-,
	
.,.,.



I've tried ot wink and wink at you, to get my feelings understood
I've tried to convince you to feel the same for me, O! if only I could!
But since the effort has been spent to absolutely no avail
I will try my luck elsewhere, and most likely probably fail.


We wished not to find ourselves in the nightmare 
	of our creation,
		so we hid among our victims,
			with hope that we would be lost forever,
				invisible to our pursuers
				invisible from the fate we knew
					we had drawn (carved) for ourselves.
"We shall suffer!" I thought 
	"for all we have wrought on this land, this people."
You wished it were not true, O! if it could be espunged, 
	would we not do anything. Our future pain granted by
		our past doings, 
		God! Kill me where I stood, not long before.
		Strike me down and cast me off to the black
			clash of the eternal seas,
		for such an end would grant me what I have lost:
		to die a premature death as one without stain,
			who can look down upon that?
		but to face perjury as one such as I,
			who can but wish my pain a thousandfold?
Aye, you and I, my dear brother. We will end,
	and so shall this sordid chapter,
		let it, and us!, fall from the tome
			and so burn in an ashen heap of our design.

Guilt



Why		send	 me		 out,	 I		 plead		 with		 thee

Invite	whom?	 		 	

Me				what

In,						when

I								where

wonder									how	 

at													 

Thee												



I		cast		thee		away		demon!
welcome	hope		into		thy			will
you		unto		you,		sins		desguise
here	sacred		virtues		are			form
Angel!	Spirit		form,		blessed		true



A Blackened Leaf
	
	Ash slowly falling from a cigarette, smoke rising in serpentine forms. Outside, a flickering streetlight catching the rain in it's halo. With the light off momentarily, the darkness encroached – filling the street below and buildings above with a sickened tar.  
	"Christ, I'm tired," growled the detective as he looked out the window. His office occupied
the 5th floor of the block, and on nights like this he wished it was just slightly higher up – five stories would hurt, but wouldn’t gurantee a clean death. The detective lazily eyed the nails in the windowsill, hammered there himself, what was it? Three years ago? Five? It didn't matter. Time had done it's damage, had burst open his door and demanded payment. It had got it. The detective was worn out and old. Too damn old to stay in this business. Time was no longer his concern. What he cared about took the form of cold metal. Specifically metal that flew at and around him whenever he got on the wrong side of something. Whether that be the drug cartels, the accountants, or the law itself didn't matter. All of them resulted in the same thing. He glanced over at his door, and at the bonsai tree tucked away in the corner. 
	Where the hell had that come from? He wondered. Whether a gift from a (grateful) gratiated client, or an adoption from a raid, he could not remember. The tree itself was healthy enough, though a bit weathered and unkempt. It didn’t seem to mind sharing an office with the detective, and he was glad enough that it stayed to itself and didn’t cause trouble.
	A deep, slow purr wound it's way from the radiator, a purr that the detective was always
happy to hear. He leaned over and patted the orange and black tabby warming itself by the desk. It had been a good companion for several years now, staying out of the way when things got rough, and staying close by when things were quiet.
	It's quiet now by god, thought the detective, let it stay this way just a while longer. He began to doze off, listening to the tip – tap – tip of the rain outside, imagining a world where all that existed was the warm purring of a cat...
	The window exploded inwards, sending a richocheting cascade of glass and noise everywhere. The walls on his left and right gave way to bullet fragments flying in and out and all through and off. The door remained shut, until exploding in flames and debris, splintering and throwing each handpainted letter of D E T E C T I V E to seperate sides of the now demolished office. Throughout all the destruction and reverberations, (throughout it all,) the bonsai tree remained standing.  

	He didn’t think, he didn’t question. All he did was throw himself to the ground, over the cat, while all around him grew cataclysmic shuddering, tearing at his exposed arms and legs, throwing his insides inside out. The shifting beneath him, whether feline or floorboards moving around, did not help his predicament. Eyes closed shut beneath flashes of light, he could feel a singing heat by his left hand, the south side wall was on fire, and was catching his jacket sleeve, burning his wrist. The detective moved away, towards the desk, towards the only thing still standing. And suddenly it was over. He sat up and saw for a moment thousands of pages, from files, from books, shredded and flying all around him. Some ending up near the open flames, spreading it to more than a third of the room. And what else? Four walls all but torn down, no glass left unbroken, and the cat? He looked down for the body of his companion, finding it absent. 
	Where had that godamned thing went? Where is it? God... -- What in all the hells is --
	The detective stopped looking for the cat, for what he saw moving outside on the street, five stories below, sent a chill up his spine.
	What is that? 



	"The beginning of the universe was an ending of all thing previous -- a death of all the worlds that were, all the beings that sang, and everything everywhere ceased to be for this universe to come into existance. At the time of creation, you could see all that would be. Every rise and fall, every breath of all things great and inconsequential. And if you looked behind, you would see all that ever was, all you had ever known. Past glories of conquest made black, romances that cut deep and red, children born of races and societies never again to be realized. It is painful to think of all that, of everything held dear, every thing you ever cared about, reduced to a nothingness so vast, that nothing could fill it. Nothing but a entirelly new constellation of worlds and galaxies, strewn across and over eachother, with no resemblance to anything that was. That's how it is."
	“Huh.” replied he detective. He was deeply moved.
	A strange silence grew between the two. Both had said what was needed to be said, in their own way. 




Programming is a fantastic blending of creative design and analytical crafting – of personal freedom and structured syntax. And in this blend there exist unique opportunities to attract intelligent, hardworking people to work as programmers. When one tries to categorize machine workers into different categories, an exciting problem arises – there isn't one type of programmer, juts as there isn't one type of person. Everyone comes from different backgrounds, with differing experiences, ideas, and working styles. But one of the joys of computer science is creating order from disorder, drawing up an organized path for countless actions to take in order to produce a desired action. If we adopt this viewpoint, one may effectively manage a team of developers, no matter how disparate the individuals.  but rather as many kinds as there are people. This top-down process pushes us towards adopting a set of guidelines open to interpretation for each team.

1) Give clear defined parameters for the end product:
	––What exactly should the code accomplish? 
	––How should it go about solving the issue at hand? 
	––What hardware is it expected to run on (industry clusters or Raspberry Pi’s)?
	––When is the product expected to complete? 
	––How will the team maintain a clear set of steps toward a finished product.
2) Once given clear guidelines, give the team as much creative control as possible, while ensuring that the individual efforts are directed toward a common goal.
3) ???
4) Profit!

When implemented correctly, have and fear and shed no tear, for nothing could be more easy.

love me tender
walk in the black forest
circle bitcoin


resolutions for 2017:
run 3 or more times a week by getting a membership at the local gym
draw one thing (could be anything) a day
write one poem a day
clear up face by staying on accutane for six months
fight depression by staying in counseling and taking medication as consistently as I can 
listen to good music
enjoy good food